[Rules]Update troubleshooting.mdx (#22355)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/rules/custom-errors/troubleshooting.mdx

## Custom error page size

> Your custom error page cannot be blank and cannot exceed 1.5 MB in size (1500000 characters). To avoid exceeding the custom error page limit, preview your page to check its size before publishing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your custom error page cannot be blank and cannot exceed 1.5 MB in size (1,500,000 characters). To avoid exceeding the custom error page limit, preview your page to check its size before publishing.
```
